docs: Clarify when is a variable proxied (#15804)
sveltejs/svelte: documentation/docs/02-runes/02-$state.md

If `$state` is used with an array or a simple object, the result is a deeply reactive _state proxy_. [Proxies](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Proxy) allow Svelte to run code when you read or write properties, including via methods like `array.push(...)`, triggering granular updates.

> > [!NOTE] Classes will not be proxied. Reactivity should be [implemented explicitly](./$state#Classes). Reactive implementations for various built-ins that can be imported from [`svelte/reactivity`](./svelte-reactivity).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] Class instances are not proxied. You can create [reactive state fields](#Classes) on classes that you define. Svelte provides reactive implementations of built-ins like `Set` and `Map` that can be imported from [`svelte/reactivity`](svelte-reactivity).
```
